feat(route): 为oreno3d路由添加最大抓取页面功能 (#10549)
DIYgod/RSSHub: docs/en/anime.md

</RouteEn>

### User Subscriptions

<RouteEn author="FeCCC" example="/iwara/subscriptions" path="/iwara/subscriptions" radar="1" rssbud="1" selfhost="1">

::: warning

This route requires Cookie, therefore it's only available when self-hosting, refer to the [Deploy Guide](/en/install/#route-specific-configurations) for route-specific configurations.

:::

</RouteEn>

> 

Author: Oh sorry about that because I edit it by an error and I will fix it

</RouteEn>

## lovelive-anime

### Love Live! Official Website Latest NEWS

<RouteEn author="axojhf" example="/lovelive-anime/news" path="/lovelive-anime/news/:option?" :paramsDesc="['Crawl full text when `option` is `detail`.']" />

> 

Author: Oh sorry about that because I edit it by an error and I will fix it

### Keyword Search

> <RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/search/bronya/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/search/:keyword/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Search keyword', 'Sort method, see the table below', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1, if it exceeds the maximum value']" radar="1" rssbud="1">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/search/bronya/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/search/:keyword/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Search keyword', 'Sort method, see the table below', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1']" radar="1" rssbud="1">
```

### Character Search

> <RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/characters/283/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/characters/:characterid/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Character id, can be found in URL' , 'Sort method, see the table above', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1, if it exceeds the maximum value']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/characters/283/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/characters/:characterid/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Character id, can be found in URL' , 'Sort method, see the table above', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>
```

### Author Search

> <RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/authors/3189/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/authors/:authorid/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Author id, can be found in URL' , 'Sort method, see the table above', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1, if it exceeds the maximum value']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/authors/3189/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/authors/:authorid/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Author id, can be found in URL' , 'Sort method, see the table above', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>
```

### Tags Search

> <RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/tags/177/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/tags/:tagid/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Tag id, can be found in URL', 'Sort method, see the table above', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1, if it exceeds the maximum value']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/tags/177/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/tags/:tagid/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Tag id, can be found in URL', 'Sort method, see the table above', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>
```

### Origins Search

> <RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/origins/3/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/origins/:originid/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Origin id, can be found in URL' , 'Sort method, see the table above', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1, if it exceeds the maximum value']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteEn author="xueli-sherryli" example="/oreno3d/origins/3/latest/1" path="/oreno3d/origins/:originid/:sort/:pagelimit?" :paramsDesc="['Origin id, can be found in URL' , 'Sort method, see the table above', 'The maximum number of pages to be crawled, the default is 1']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>
```
